Expand the guide for native test (#6318)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/native-support/build-a-native-executable.md

   Hello, Docker!
   ```
   

> ## Execute test with the native image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Execute tests with the native image
```

> It is recommended to use the JVM for verifying the functionality of the application with sufficient tests and code coverage as running tests against the native image could take time. Running tests against the native image is only required when using libraries that are not verified against GraalVM native image build. All Ballerina standard libraries are verified and guaranteed to produce native image builds without any issues. The complete list of verified libraries can be found at the top of the article. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use the JVM for verifying the functionality of the application with sufficient tests and code coverage as running tests against the native image could take time. Running tests against the native image is only required when using libraries that are not verified against the GraalVM native image build. All Ballerina standard libraries are verified and guaranteed to produce native image builds without any issues. The complete list of verified libraries can be found at the top of the article. 
```
Need to give the exact link without saying `at the top of the article`.

> Therefore, if the application is depending on a package that is not verified against GraalVM native build, it is recommended to run the tests against the native image to ensure there are no runtime errors. `bal test --native` can be used for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, if the application is depending on a package that is not verified against the GraalVM native build, it is recommended to run the tests against the native image to ensure that there are no runtime errors by executing the `bal test --native` command.
```

> Also, native testing can be scheduled as a daily check within CI pipelines to maintain compatibility with GraalVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, native testing can be scheduled as a daily check within CI pipelines to maintain compatibility with GraalVM.
```
What is `CI`?

Author: It's continuous integration.

Follow the steps below to run the tests with the native image.

1. Follow the steps 1 and 2 in [Build a native executable](#ballerina-native-image).

> 2. Replace the content of the `service_test.bal` file with the following under the `tests` folder.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Replace the content of the `service_test.bal` file in the `tests` folder with the following.  
```

   ```ballerina
   import ballerina/http;
   import ballerina/test;

   http:Client testClient = check new ("http://localhost:8080");

   @test:Config {}
   function testServiceWithProperName() {
      string|error response = testClient->get("/greeting");
      test:assertEquals(response, "Hello, World!");
   }

   ```

3.  Run `bal test --native` to run the tests using the native executable. 

>       > **Info:**  This command will build a native executable with tests similar to bal build --native , and the tests will be executed by running this native executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      > **Info:**  This command will build a native executable with tests similar to `bal build --native`, and the tests will be executed by running this native executable.
```

      ```
               Running Tests
               hello_world
                        [pass] testServiceWithProperName
                        1 passing
                        0 failing
                        0 skipped
      ```

> You have now tested a simple Ballerina HTTP server application for GraalVM compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you tested a simple Ballerina HTTP server application for GraalVM compatibility.
```
